1. Enter the number of hours it took you to complete the project between
   the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<10>>>).

   <<< 26 >>>
   
2. Enter the difficulty level (1: very easy; 5: very difficult) of the project
   between the <<< and >>> signs below (eg, <<<3>>>).

   <<<4 >>>

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS451/651 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Using CLEmitter)
      Approach:  For this I basically went through the genfactorial and understand the problem . As these both of kind of similar
      it gave me the brief idea about how the code is formatted. I wrote the most of the things handwritten along the way and also i used the book
      and the online resources the fix some of the error that I was having in between while I was confused how the methods argument and returned type
      was defined. Watching mutiple example and going back to the lecture video helped me solve this problem.

      Issues and resolution:
        I had issues when it was hard time how the methods and returned type was declared once i got brief idea of how it is done
        it made me easier to fix the issue in no time.

   Problem 2 (Arithmetic Operations)
      Approach: I read through the provided files, tokeninfo ,scanner, parser,junary and jbinary files and it helped me in
      understanding what's going on with the java files and I also got the idea of how the things can be done. I saw it in the chapter1 in
      the book how the JDivideop is done. I followed the hints which helped me where should i be making the change in the code
     file.

      Issues and resolution:
      I had issues understanding what happened each time during the compilation .For the division operator I had followed all the same steps as with the modulo but I couldn't figure
       out why it was giving the error. So I had to follow the steps and see what other parts of the code were doing.
       I noticed that it wasn't working because the "/" character gets registered to check for comments in the scanner file.

   Problem 3 (Bitwise Operations)
      Approach:  I had something similar to the part2 of this project. I added the tokens to the tokenInfo file , I went to the scanner and
      added the different cases for the different characters in the switch case of the file.
       In this part it was simpler to add the characters.  I searched for alot of things online to understand about the opcode for the & and NOT,
       This part was little bit tricky and I spent alot of my times going through the resources.  I find parser very tricky and had most of my time
       reading through the code and changing the thing in it.
      Issues and resolution:
       I had hard time working with the parser as in the part 2 of the homework we just extended the previously defined expression
       but in here we were asked to create the new ones. I went back to the homework appendix and I read the write up couple of
       times , I also got into issue while changing the way how the conditionalANDExpression was working in the problem. I spent my most of the
       time in this part as my code wasnot working, I had to go over all of my steps and also I had to read again and again trying to figure out where
       I had made an error. I had unused expression which caused alot of error until i noticed inclusiveorexpression was supposed to be used in
       the conditionalANDExpression which comipler wasnot able to notice.

   Problem 4 (Shift Operations)
      Approach:  This was pretty much easier as i had already idea of adding the new language features to the compiler, I followed the same approach
      as problem number 2 and 3. It took me less time as I was already comfortable with how the things were working in my project.

      Issues and resolution:
       I didnot have much  issues while doing this as i was aware where i had mostly making mistake and this helped me alot looking for
       possible errors and I solved it fastest amiong the rest of the problems.


5. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

    This assignment was really exciting but also i got very clear that i was masking most of the error in the problem as i was trying to work
    before having the deeper knowledge but once I went to the sample examples and lectures videos including the notes. I was very much
    happy to work with the compiler. The first problem help me to understand how the compiler build the code. I spent most of my time
    on the project learning new concept and idea and also as this was my first j-- project it was fun.
